Model a smart home system where devices respond to sensor readingsm and the system decides how to react 
using different decision policies (for example, an energy-saving policy versus a comfort policy).

(1p) Define a templated class Reading<T> that represents a single timestamped sensor measurement. It stores a value of type T
and an integer timestamp. Provide a constructor and two getters: value() andd timestamp(). In each Decice subclass, store the
most recent Reading<double> received and update it inside should_activate().

(1p) Define an abstract base class Device. It should store a device ID, a location name (room name as a string), and an energy cost
(number, representing wats). Declare a pure virtual function should_activate that takes the current sensor reading 
(a Reading<double>) and a decision policy object (see below), and returns a boolean (whether the device should turn on).
Inside the override, extract the numeric value from the reading (using value()) to pass to the policy.

(2p) Define two concrete subclasses of Defice:
    . Light: represent a smart light that react to an ambient brightness reading. It stores a brightness threshold below which 
    the light is mean to be on. Override should_activate using the provided decision policy.
    . Heater: represents a smart header that reacts to a temperature reading. it stores a target temperature. Override
    should_activate using the provided decison policy.

(1p) Define an interface DecisionPolicy with a single pure virtual function decide, which takes two doubles (a target/threshold
value and the current sensor reading), and return a boolean (whether the decice should be activated).

(2p) Implement the following concrete pollicies derived from DecisionPollicy:
    . ComfortPolicy priorities comfort and activates the device whenever the reading falls below the target.
    . EnergySavingPolicy activated the device inly when the reading is below the target by more than a fixed tolerance margin,
    to avoid switching on for minor fluctuations. The construcot takes the tolerance value.
    . WhitelistPollicy used when only certain specific readings should trigger activation (for example, a device that should
    only switch on at a few known calibration values). The constructor accepts a list of acceptable readings (a vector<double>).
    The policy activates the device if the current reading matches at least one value in the list. Use std::any_of to check this,
    by completing the lambda below:
    vector<double> accepted; // the list of acceptable readings
    double reading; // the current sensor reading
    bool active = std::any_of(accepted.begin(), accepted.end(), /* your lambda here */);

    std::any_of returns true if the unary predicate returns true for at least one element in the range, Your lambda should
    take a single value from the list and return true if it equals the current reading.

(1p) Define a SmartHome class that holds a polymorphic collection of Device objects.
    . Add a method add_device to register a device.
    . Add a method run, which takes a map of device IDs to sensor reading (map<int, Reading<double>>) and a decision policy.
    It returns the total energy cost of all devices that the pollicy decided to activate. Devices with no reading in the map are 
    treated as inactive and contibute zero. The method should throw std::invalid_argument if a device ID present in the map 
    does not corresponds to any registered device.

In main, create a smart home with at least three Light objects and two Heater objects. Add a set of incoming sensor readings.
Apply ComfortPolicy, EnergyPolicy, EnergySavingPolicy and WhitelistPolicy separately and print the total energy cost under each.
Use try-catch blocks to handle all exceptions arising from invalid readings or policy misuse.

(1p) Draw a UML class diagram including. Device, Light, Heaterm DecisionPolicy, all three policy classes, the templated
Reading class and SmartHome. Label all relationships between classes. (Suggestion: start with this problem it will help you 
better understand the problem).

(1p) Default.